Move the Intel specific features to a separate document. Mainly: (#7307)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_matrix/sycl_ext_oneapi_matrix.asciidoc

## Matrix API Versions

While this document presents the core API that unifies Intel AMX, Intel XMX, and Nvidia Tensor Cores, the implementations support slightly different versions of the API. For this reason, we introduce a new macro, namely `SYCL_EXT_ONEAPI_MATRIX_VERSION`  to distinguish between these different implementations. The goal in the next few months is to get rid of this implementation versioning macro. These are the current values for this macro.

[frame="none",options="header"]
|======================
|Value |Description
|1     |Initial extension JIT implementation on Intel AMX and Intel XMX. load, store, mad, fill, piece-wise operations, and the query interface are supported. The old API used for this implementation is detailed in [matrix extension](../../deprecated/sycl_ext_oneapi_matrix_no_use.asciidoc)
|2     |JIT implementation on Intel AMX and Intel XMX. load, store, mad, fill, piece-wise operations, and the query interface are supported 
|3     |Implementation on Nvidia Tensor Cores
|======================

## New `joint_matrix` class

> We introduce a new class called `joint_matrix`. The user needs to specify the memory scope, the type of the elements, the shape, the matrix use, and the memory layout of the matrix. This results in the following description:

Reviewer: I'm not sure "memory scope" is the correct term here for the Group template argument: Isn't it "group scope"?. In any case it should be made clear that the options here are sub_group or group.
```suggestion
We introduce a new class called `joint_matrix`. The user needs to specify the group scope (either sycl::group or sycl::sub_group), the type of the elements, the shape, the matrix use, and the memory layout of the matrix. This results in the following description:
```

Author: memory scope terminology exists in the SYCL spec and it is exactly what we refers to here

}
```

#### Shape

> Size of a `joint_matrix` that refers to its number of rows `Rows` and number of columns `Cols` must be constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The shape of a `joint_matrix` refers to its number of rows `Rows` and number of columns `Cols`.
```

#### Layout
This specifies the memory layout and it can be row major and column major layouts

```c++
namespace sycl::ext::oneapi::experimental::matrix {
enum class layout {
  row_major,
  col_major,
  dynamic
 };
}
```

#### Memory Scope

> In this API, we use the terminology of `joint_matrix` instead of plain `matrix` to emphasize that the matrix is shared among a group of work items and is not private to each work item. The memory scope is added as an additional template parameter and is also part of the constructor arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this API, we use the terminology of `joint_matrix` instead of plain `matrix` to emphasize that the matrix is shared among a group of work items and is not private to each work item. The group scope is added as an additional template parameter and is also part of the constructor arguments.
```

> IMPORTANT: In the current implementation, only the subgroup scope is supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: In the current implementation, only the sub_group scope is supported
```

When the group is a `sycl::sub_group`, a matrix is declared as follows:

```c++
joint_matrix<sub_group, int8_t, use::a, tM, tN, layout::row_major> tA();
```

## Matrix Operations and their Execution Scope
We define three new functions needed to perform the main and common operations on matrices, namely load, store, and the actual multiply and add operation. This set of functions can be easily extended if the matrix hardware implements new features.

> The base pointer determines the starting address of the matrix to be loaded/stored. `layout` determines whether the data is being read/written in a row (`row_major`), column major (`column_major`) fashion. `stride` describes the number of elements between consecutive rows for the row major layout, or between columns for the column major layout. 

Reviewer: Shouldn't a version of this paragraph come after the below definitions of `joint_matrix_load` etc?

>   template <typename Group, typename T, size_t NumRows, size_t NumCols,

Reviewer: Ideally I think these functions should be exposed in the simplest way possible that provides all the necessary information to the user for their proper use. There is some information that I think can be omitted, such as the Group template parameter for example because it is inferred from the Group argument and we never want the user to type it out.

It would probably be a good idea to have a short description for the purpose of the `Space` template parameter that references shared memory, because utilizing shared memory will be very important for application users of `joint_matrix`

            access::address_space Space>
  void joint_matrix_load(Group sg,
    joint_matrix<Group, T, use::accumulator, NumRows, NumCols, layout::dynamic> &res,
    multi_ptr<T, Space, IsDecorated> src, size_t stride, layout memL);
    
  template <typename Group, typename T, size_t NumRows, size_t NumCols,
          use Use, layout Layout, access::address_space Space>
  void joint_matrix_load(Group sg,
    joint_matrix<Group, T, Use, NumRows, NumCols, Layout> &res,
    multi_ptr<T, Space, IsDecorated> src, size_t stride);
}
```

`joint_matrix_load` loads data from memory to the 2d tiles/registers of the tensor hardware.
We define two overloads of the load function depending on whether the memory layout was declared as part of the `joint_matrix` type or not. 

> The first overload that takes memory layout as an argument is only available for a `joint_matrix` type that was declared with `layout::dynamic`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first overload that takes memory layout as an argument is only available for a `joint_matrix` type that used the default value `layout::dynamic`.
```

I think all references to `layout::dynamic` should emphasize that it is only intended to be used as a default value, and users should never have to type `layout::dynamic`

> 2- SG size is not generally fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2- sub_group size is not generally fixed.
```

Probably not a good idea to use shorthand unless "SG" is explicitly defined.

In the case of CUDA backend which is SYCL AOT compiled and SG size = 32 known and fixed, an additional `marray`-based capability is provided in [matrix Tensor Cores additional extension](sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_matrix/sycl_ext_oneapi_matrix_cuda.asciidoc).

The code listing below shows a synopsis of these new APIs.

```c++
namespace sycl::ext::oneapi::experimental::matrix {
template <typename Group, typename T, size_t NumRows, size_t NumCols, use Use, layout Layout>

>    wi_data<group, T, Use, NumRows, NumCols, Layout> get_wi_data(Group sg, joint_matrix<Group, T, Use, Rows, Cols, Layout> Mat);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   wi_data get_wi_data(Group sg, joint_matrix<...> Mat);
```

Reviewer: For the joint_matrix ones the user has to provide them, so they should be documented. However I think that in some cases it is appropriate to omit them when they joint_matrix is used as an argument in other functions: using the <...> notation instead.

For wi_data I think it can just be made clear that it takes the joint_matrix as an argument in its constructor. Then it is quite clear to me that its construction will depend solely on the joint_matrix it takes (which is the case), and actually any mention of template arguments is not necessary IMO.

> IMPORTANT: In the Tensor Cores implementation, it is possible to know how many elements are owned by each WI at compile time. In this case, `wi_data` can be of type `marray`. An additional interface will be provided for the Tensor Cores backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

   const auto sg_startx = global_idx - item.get_local_id(0);
   const auto sg_starty = global_idy - item.get_local_id(1);
   sub_group sg = item.get_sub_group();
   joint_matrix<sub_group, int8_t, use::a, tM, tK, layout::row_major> tA();
   joint_matrix<sub_group, int8_t, use::b, tK, tN, layout::row_major> tB();
   joint_matrix<sub_group, int32_t, use::accumulator, tM, tN> tC();
   joint_matrix_fill(sg, tC, 0);
   for (int k = 0; k < K; k += tk) {

>      joint_matrix_load(sg, tA, memA + sg_startx * tM * K + k, K);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     joint_matrix_load(sg, tA, multi_ptr<int8_t, sycl::access::address_space::global_space>(memA + sg_startx * tM * K + k), K);
```

>      joint_matrix_load(sg, tB, memB + k * N + sg_starty/SG_SIZE*tN, N); 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     joint_matrix_load(sg, tB, multi_ptr<int8_t, sycl::access::address_space::global_space>(memB + k * N + sg_starty/SG_SIZE*tN), N); 
```

Author: @jsji this is actually a bug. The implementation should be able to handle both types of pointers. 
Thank you for spotting this. I will report this bug and create a test for this.

     tC = joint_matrix_mad(sg, tA, tB, tC);
   }
   auto wi_data_c = get_wi_data(sg, tC);
   for (int i = 0; i < wi_data_c.length(); i++)
     wi_data_c[i] *= alpha; // The indexing here "i" is in the vector owned by a WI, not in the matrix C

>    joint_matrix_store(sg, tC, memC + sg_startx * tM * N + sg_starty/SG_SIZE*tN, N, layout::row_major);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   joint_matrix_store(sg, tC, multi_ptr<int32_t, sycl::access::address_space::global_space>(memC + sg_startx * tM * N + sg_starty/SG_SIZE*tN), N, layout::row_major);
```
